Who is that guy?
I have no idea who he is either.
I don't have his information
He just asked me to send the words to that place
Lie. I'm not lying.
Can you please stop acting?
It's just that I beg you
I beg you to prove that this has nothing to do with you
It really has nothing to do with me whether it is good or not.
I remember now.
When I was on the road
A guy bumped into me.
It must be then
He deliberately rubbed nail polish on me
It must be him.
Mr. Chen
I went to investigate
This is the surveillance outside the amusement park.
But we didn't see anyone hit it.
Miss Mo is impossible
Someone bumped into me
What about the surveillance in there?
If there is monitoring, you can know.
I didn't see it at all.
Mrs. Chen, I'm sorry.
Miss Mo has no surveillance installed there.
What!
Come home with me
My home is in the computer
A buyer asked me to buy bad news.
I really used to deliver.
Chen Junnan, trust me again
Ok?
OK
I'll go with you.